frontend/README.md, before:

# modern web

web components

https://naver.github.io/egjs/

https://material-web.dev/about/quick-start/

https://github.com/material-components/material-web/blob/main/docs/components/slider.md

https://github.com/lit/lit

https://lit.dev/docs/

https://github.com/abhijeet-shelhalkar/my-timer-lit/tree/main

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/var


# emoncms menu v3

in theme.php

line 35 :
- 2.3.2 : `<link href="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/css/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet">`
- 3.0.0 : `<link href="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/3.0.0/css/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet">`
- tested with version 3.3.4, 3.3.5, 3.3.7, 4.0.0, 4.2.0 : not working

5.1.0 : `<link href="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet">`

line 104 or 105 :
- 2.3.2 :   `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/js/bootstrap.js"></script>`
- 3.0.0 :   `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/3.0.0/js/bootstrap.js"></script>`

5.1.0 : `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/bootstrap.js"></script>`


line 40 or 41 : 
- `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/jquery-1.11.3.min.js"></script>`
- `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/jquery-3.6.0.js"></script>`

jquery 1.11.3 has security issues
https://snyk.io/test/npm/jquery/1.11.3

it seems bootstrap 2.3.2 is OK

Commit message:

add info about slider with the range type

frontend/README.md, after:

# modern web

it is possible to use slider (range) within json-editor : https://github.com/jdorn/json-editor/issues/4

web components

https://naver.github.io/egjs/

https://material-web.dev/about/quick-start/

https://github.com/material-components/material-web/blob/main/docs/components/slider.md

https://github.com/lit/lit

https://lit.dev/docs/

https://github.com/abhijeet-shelhalkar/my-timer-lit/tree/main

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/var


# emoncms menu v3

in theme.php

line 35 :
- 2.3.2 : `<link href="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/css/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet">`
- 3.0.0 : `<link href="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/3.0.0/css/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet">`
- tested with version 3.3.4, 3.3.5, 3.3.7, 4.0.0, 4.2.0 : not working

5.1.0 : `<link href="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/bootstrap.css" rel="stylesheet">`

line 104 or 105 :
- 2.3.2 :   `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/js/bootstrap.js"></script>`
- 3.0.0 :   `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/3.0.0/js/bootstrap.js"></script>`

5.1.0 : `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/bootstrap/bootstrap.js"></script>`


line 40 or 41 : 
- `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/jquery-1.11.3.min.js"></script>`
- `<script type="text/javascript" src="<?php echo $path; ?>Lib/jquery-3.6.0.js"></script>`

jquery 1.11.3 has security issues
https://snyk.io/test/npm/jquery/1.11.3

it seems bootstrap 2.3.2 is OK
